Document removal of polyfills in changelog (#4048)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

This change was introduced in [pull request #3949: Simplify font family settings](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/3949).

#### Removal of Javascript polyfills for IE8-11

We've removed polyfills for:

- `DOMTokenList`, `Element.prototype.classList`, `Element.prototype.closest`,`Element.prototype.matches`, and `Event`, required for IE 11 and below
- `Element.prototype.dataset`, required for IE 10 and below

> - `Date.now`, `Document`, `Element`, `Element.prototype.nextElementSibling`, `Element.prototype.previousElementSibling`, `Function.prototype.bind`, `Object.defineProperty`, `String.prototype.trim` and `Window`, required for IE8

Reviewer: Don't know why, but "IE 8" feels weird with a space, unlike IE 10 and IE 11 🙃

```suggestion
- `Date.now`, `Document`, `Element`, `Element.prototype.nextElementSibling`, `Element.prototype.previousElementSibling`, `Function.prototype.bind`, `Object.defineProperty`, `String.prototype.trim` and `Window`, required for IE 8
```

> GOV.UK Frontend no longer needs these polyfills because Internet Explorer will no longer try to run our JavaScript, as long as you are including it in your service according to our instructions.

Reviewer: I might be overly worried, but feels like we should call this out

```suggestion
GOV.UK Frontend no longer needs these polyfills because Internet Explorer will no longer try to run our JavaScript, as long as you are including it in your service according to our instructions using `<script type="module">`.
```
